feat(github): add pull request template (#180)
adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md

# Description

<!-- describe the changes you PR introduces here -->

# Issues

<!-- link related issues here -->

# Checklist

<!-- take care of the default items before creating your PR and be prepared to add more items -->

* [ ] I updated the version in Chart.yaml

> * [ ] I added to the docs and updated them using  `pre-commit run -a`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] I added the changes to the docs and updated them using  `pre-commit run -a`
```

Author: We have not been adding changes to the docs so far (as in a changelog per chart) so I'd like to use a different wording here.

Reviewer: okay. But is the phrase "I added to the docs" correct? seems wrong to me. But english is not my native lang.

Author: i don't like current phrasing either, i'll try to come up with a better one

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [ ] I updated the charts README.md using `pre-commit run -a`
```
The structure of the comments in `values.yaml` should probably be documented in `CONTRIBUTING.md`.

Author: the "adding to the docs" part tried to allude to the existence of the `docs/` folder and the fact that we should not forget to document high-level concepts in there, i might split this into two bullets.

> * [ ] CI is currently green and this is ready for review

Reviewer: How can we know if CI is green before opening the PR?

Author: By looking at the results of github actions on your fork (the tests run on each push).

Author: You can also create a PR as "Draft" and then the test results will be easy to find but the PR will not get auto-assigned to a CODEOWNER until you mark it as ready.

> * [ ] I am ready to test changes after they are applied and released

Reviewer: Shouldnt the changes be tested before applying them?

Author: They should be tested through GitHub Actions before merging but you also need to test rolling out the changes after the merge (aka don't update things like kps w/o being ready to roll out the change to at least one (dev) env).

<!--
    Thank you for your contribution. Please use this template to help guide
    you towards preparing a PR that fullfills our mereability  requirements.
-->
# Description

<!-- Describe the changes your PR introduces here. -->

# Issues

<!--
    Link related issues here, it's ok if this is empty but we do recommend that
    you create issues before working on PRs, issues on internal trackers are
    fine and need not be linked here.
-->

# Checklist

<!--
    Take care of the default items before marking your PR as ready for review,
    be prepared to add more items.
-->

* [ ] I updated the version in Chart.yaml
* [ ] I updated applicable README.md files using  `pre-commit run -a`

> * [ ] I documented any high-level concepts I introduce in `docs/`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [ ] I documented any high-level concepts I introduced in `docs/`
```

Author: it was intended to be in present tense and I now changed it to "concepts I'm introducing"

Reviewer 2: But how can you use present tense when the sentence starts in past tense? But the version with "concepts I'm introducing" sounds good.
